The leadership and organization
test has 23 questions
and requires 16 answers.
What is our purpose?
What is what we do?
This is the mission.
Remember, vision is where we
want to get and values are the
principles we rule ourselves by.
So that is the mission.
What are the values that help us?
In this case, we have
to choose the wrong answer.
The wrong thing is this, being more
efficient in the use of resources.
Values don't help you be more efficient.
Values help you create a more
powerful brand, connecting
better with all stakeholders,
employees, customers,
etc.
This is the wrong answer.
What can we do to not lose height
and not fall into the mud, to
get out of the mud?
Do not lose sight of the vision and the emission.
Yes, it is very important.
We need to be clear about what we
are doing and where we want to go.
This prevents us from getting confused on a
daily basis.
Start each week by doing
an analysis of the most important
and allowing us to focus during
that week on the important.
Yes it makes sense.
Use systems such as OKR to
guide the entire organization
towards strategic goals.
I think these are three very good advice.
The most functional structures,
what is happening?
Well, remember that when you divide
your organization by functions,
marketing, finance, etc.
One of the biggest disadvantages is
that there is very poor
communication between departments.
Per the other disadvantage is that
the organization is not well-
oriented to results.
What kind of structures contribute
more to efficiency, to be more
efficient?
hierarchy or the clan.
More efficient are the more hierarchical
cultures where there is much
control, that the processes
are very defined, etc.
We are looking for efficiency.
In this case, what we are looking for
is effectiveness, which is to results.
What would you choose, an adocratic
structure or a clanic structure?
I would choose an adocratic structure
that is absolutely focused,
has an external focus.
What we want is to results.
In many cases, in adocratic
cultures, what is sought are
very ambitious goals.
In the previous paragraphs
we talked about efficiency
and efficiency.
These are two concepts that you need to
understand very well.
When we seek efficiency we
have to choose one type of structures
and when we seek efficiency
for others.
The financial institutions that are
engaged in commercial banking
usually what kind of culture do they have?
They have market cultures
that are oriented towards
sales, growth.
The entire business network is focused
on that.
If you have a very ambitious
and very innovative project, what kind
of culture do you think you should choose?
We put the four.
The best culture for a
project of this type is adocratic.
When you try to get very good people,
you give them a lot of flexibility
but you are very demanding
and you are constantly demanding
results.
They do not have to be
sales results.
They can be results at the level of
revolutionizing a sector, creating something
new, etc.
Let's talk about the clan cultures.
When does a clanique culture
centered on employee happiness
and commitment make more sense?
When is it important to be
efficient or when it is important
to establish personal
relationships with employees?
Clan cultures often make sense
in this second case.
You do what you do is have your
employees very happy because you
think that's going to be passed
on to your customers.
What kind of culture do you think it has?
McDonald's is clearly a very
hierarchical culture.
The entire network, all the points
of sale, all the McDonald's are
absolutely standardized that's
what they have to do, etc.
What are the risks of a
highly delegative leadership
style you let do?
That you have little control, that
productivity is low, that roles
are poorly defined.
All of the above are risks
of this style of leadership.
When does a delegative style like
the one we talked about before make sense?
In organizations that are more
flat, with adocratic cultures, with
people very focused on results,
very responsible, etc.
Or in organizations that are very
functional and very vertical.
Well, it is more common that the
style is delegative in
more adocratic organizations.
What is the current trend?
The current trend is that organizations
are increasingly structured by
very concrete projects, with
short-term results and more implementing
methodologies such as
Agile, for example, that
you already know.
Organizations that are structured
by business lines, imagine,
in different products
or by customer segments,
whether they are functional
or are divisional.
They are divisive.
And those that are structured by geographies,
how are they?
They are also divisive.
The division is by geography,
not by business line.
Now let's talk about OKR, which
as you know we love.
They must be quantifiable.
What is quantifiable?
Goals or key results?
The key results.
How many key results
should we have for each goal?
Well, around between 3 and 5.
What are the objectives they should be?
They must be illusory and retorical.
They must be defined in cascade
from strategic objectives
and must be inspired by
the mission and vision of
the company, since all of
the above.
What are the key
results for?
To assess the performance of each
employee?
Even if I can help you?
Or to know if we are on the
right track to the goals?
The key results are indicators
that we are getting closer
to those goals every
week.
In managing a project by
Yael, we must make an initial effort
to define the final scope.
Is this correct or is it false?
Well, because it is false.
Because basically what you have
to remember is that we started
from the principle that we don't
really know what the ultimate
reach is, what the ultimate goal is.
We need to go very quickly
and very quickly and make
mistakes very quickly.
Because we cannot give, of
course, in an environment of
uncertainty that we know that is
what will happen.
Yael's philosophy helps us to define
the goals, deadlines and resources
of a project very well.
But no, it helps us to move forward
at the moment when we are
aware that we have been wrong.
Let's see what the principles
of Yael are when we talk about
project management.
In this case, the question what
tells us is that we have
to select the wrong option.
Working in short cycles.
It is a recommendation that we make.
Remember, we work on cycles, for
example, in sprints, which
we talk about one week, two weeks,
with deliverables within that
sprint.
And what allows us to know permanently
whether we are going in the right direction
or not.
We must go ahead to the moment when
we know whether we have been wrong or not.
It also allows us to focus a lot,
week by week, always on the
most important.
Create multidisciplinary and autonomous teams.
This is another of the recommendations they have
given us.
What you can't do is create teams
that depend on others, because you'll
make the project fail.
Work with a very defined scope.
This is not Yale, this is the opposite.
Remember, we start from the assumption
that we are facing a lot of uncertainty.
We cannot plan the entire project
long-term because we don't
know what's going to happen.
We have to go forward in very
short sprints.
Being close to the customer?
and yes.
Focus on the important?
Therefore, the answer we
have to select wrong is to work
with a very well-defined
range.
The Scrum Master is the person
responsible for, in this case, ensuring
that the rest of the organization,
the team, etc., complies with
the Scrum methodology.